feat: Add an opinionated quickstart for writing RST. (#20)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/creating_doc/quickstart_rst.rst

Quick Start: Writing RST
########################

RST is very powerful, and flexible.  Below we provide a quick guide for how you
can use it to write Open edX documentation.

For more details check out the `RST Primer`_

.. _RST Primer: https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/user/rst/quickstart.html

Headings
********

.. code-block:: RST

   Heading 1

>    #########

Reviewer: I've been doing the exact opposite:

```
h1
--

h2
==

h3
**

h4
##
```

But I'll admit that your way looks much better visually. Just a heads up that you might be fighting an uphill battle with this one. Anway, I'll support whichever one you choose.

Author: Yea, I really struggled between the two directions for this but ultimately landed where I did because the raw text visually tracks with what I would expect in terms of line density.  I'm gonna leave it this way for now but I definitely struggled with the choice.

   Heading 2
   *********

   Heading 3
   =========

   Heading 4
   ---------

.. note::
   :class: dropdown

>    RST can be very flexible, this is the consistent way we want to do it in this
>    project.

Reviewer: Might be worth being less vague here:
```suggestion
   RST is very flexible: it will allow you to use almost any symbol to underline headings, as long as you're consistent between heading level. However, the way shown above is how headings should be defined in all Open edX documentation. 
```

Text Markup
***********

RST supports **bold**, *italic*, and ``mono-spaced`` characters. You can also make GUI elements appear as :guilabel:`GUI elements`.

.. code-block:: RST

   Use double asterisks for **bold** text.

   Use single asterisks for *italic* text.

   Use double backticks for ``mono-spaced`` text.

>    Use the guilabel role for :guilabel:`GUI elements`

Reviewer: TIL

Lists
*****

You can make numbered, and bulleted lists that can nest arbitrarily.

#. Item 1

   * Sub-item 1
   * Sub-item 2
#. Item 2

.. code-block:: RST

   #. Item 1

>                            # Need this blank line between items and sub-items

Reviewer: Good call out. I would also mention that the indent needs to be >=3 spaces.

      * Sub-item 1
      * Sub-item 2
   #. Item 2

Linking
*******

Links off-site
==============

.. code-block:: RST

   You can have `inline links <https://example.com>`_

   `Indirect links`_ can be useful if you want to link to the same thing
   multiple times, or if the url is really long and you want things to read more
   cleanly.

   .. _Indirect links: http://example.com/?lorem=Lorem%20ipsum%20dolor%20sit

Links within a document
=======================

.. code-block:: RST

   .. some_location:

   Some text at this location.

   Some other stuff that links back to :ref:`some_location`.

Links between rst documents
===========================

.. code-block:: RST

   Link to :doc:`file_b` in the same folder or :doc:`../file_c` in a different
   folder or doc:`/file_d` relative to the root of the project.

   By default it will use the title of the doc as the link text but you can
   override that with doc:`other text </file_d>` if you want.
   which

Directives
**********

> RST can do a lot of things via `directives`_. Here are the most useful ones:

Reviewer: I would also include `code-block` and/or the "double colon followed by indented block" trick.

Author: @kdmccormick I don't know about the "double colon followed by indented block" trick, have a link to it?

Reviewer: example Open edX document that uses this syntax: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-platform/master/docs/guides/testing/testing.rst
